---
layout: post
title:  "Week 12: Waterfall week"
date:   2017-07-28 00:00:00 +0530
---

Following are the updates of the week:

### Current Status
#### Waterfall sink
I tried to change the orientation of waterfall sink. In the [example][exampleDemo] cited in the last post, the time scale is on the horizontal axis where as the vertical axis is for frequency. Last weekend and this week, I unsuccessfully tried to change the axis i.e. changed the orientation of the plot. For now I will take the plot as it is, and move-on to the C++ and Python implementation temporarily. Once done, I will get back to this again and hopefully I can find the solution then with a fresh start.

I have implemented a C++ part for waterfall float sink. I have also added a test script but have some array initialisation issues. It will be solved as soon as possible!

#### Feedback required
Since, the module has a substantial features, you can start using it. For any queries/feedback, drop me a mail and keep [`discuss-gnuradio@gnu.org`][discussion_forum] in CC.

#### Note:
I will be moving to USA for graduate studies next Monday. So, this weekend as well as Monday would be pretty hectic. I will try to complete the backlog by the end of next week.

-------------------------
### To-Do list for next week:
1. Complete Waterfall sink
2. Complete work on Historgram sink

[develop_branch]: https://github.com/kartikp1995/gr-bokehgui/tree/develop/
[master_branch]: https://github.com/kartikp1995/gr-bokehgui/tree/master/
[discussion_forum]: mailto:discuss-gnuradio@gnu.org
[exampleDemo]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L6p7Cd3uDis
