---
layout: post
title:  "Week 9: Widgets week 2"
date:   2017-07-14 00:00:00 +0530
---

Following are the updates of the week:

### Current Status
#### Integrating base sink to other sinks
The SWIG error for Complex Time Sink is now resolved. Initially, the `get_plot_data` function signature `(gr_complex**, int*, int*)` couldn't work because SWIG couldn't identify Numpy definition of the same. Hence, to avoid the issue, I changed the signature to `(float**, int*, int*)` which can be identified by Numpy SWIG. Corresponding Python part of code is also updated. This code is in [`base_sink_impl`][base_sink_impl] branch which will be soon merged into [`develop`][develop_branch] branch.

#### Adding widgets:
I implemented `textbox` widgets in last week. But because of incorrect procedure of initialisation of bokeh server, the callback was not working. After discussion on Bokeh forum, I updated the initialization procedure of bokeh server which is now updatedin `main()` functions of all examples. I have also updated the function in core flowgraph generator template in [`bokeh_in_gnuradio`][bokeh_branch] branch of my GNURadio fork.

The updated `main` function creates a subprocess that initiates the server, work on Document and Session instance, and terminate the server process when simulation is over.

In addition to Textbox, the Label widget was also implemented. The Slider and Range sliders will be implemented in this weekend.

### Regarding a demo video:
Since, layout is important for widgets placements, I will add a full working video next week. It will include setting up the layout, widgets and plots using GRC.


#### Discussion on Layout
I am planning to implement the Layout using the function mentioned [here][layout_example]. I will create a wrapper function for the same.

On GRC side, user will have to choose in each plot options inside Config tab to select the row of the plot, and the rank of the plot. All widgets will be together in widgetbox. In order to override default Layout which is basically vertical placement of all plots and widgetbox, user will have to set manual layout option inside `Generate Options` block and also import a block called `Bokeh GUI Layout`. In the options of the block, the total width, height, placement options for Widgetbox, and other various parameters will be defined. Combining all these, will ultimately provide a good procedure of laying out the plots.

#### Feedback required
To make these bokeh based GUI a _bug-less_ software, we would like to have feedbacks from the community.

As of now, the working implementations of sinks are on [`develop`][develop_branch] branch.

To follow implementation and integration of base sink class, follow [`base_sink_impl`][base_sink_impl] branch.

For any comments/feedbacks/suggestions, you can drop an email to [`discuss-gnuradio`][discussion_forum].

-------------------------
### To-Do list for next week:
1. Implement the Layout
2. Test the widgets and plots

[previous_post]: /GSoC2017/2017/06/16/TimeSink4.html
[develop_branch]: https://github.com/kartikp1995/gr-bokehgui/tree/develop/
[base_sink_impl]: https://github.com/kartikp1995/gr-bokehgui/tree/base_sink_impl/
[discussion_forum]: mailto:discuss-gnuradio@gnu.org
[bokeh_branch]: https://github.com/kartikp1995/gnuradio/tree/bokeh_in_gnuradio/
[layout_example]: http://bokeh.pydata.org/en/latest/docs/user_guide/layout.html#general-grid-layout
