---
layout: post
title:  "Week 8: Widgets week 1"
date:   2017-07-07 00:00:00 +0530
---

This week, I tried to integrate the Base Sink template class in remaining sink. Following are the updates of the week:

### Current Status
#### Integrating base sink to other sinks
I tried to integrate the base sink mechanism to remaining sink. Although integration is not a major issue, but solving SWIG errors are. In addition to that, I was also getting some random issues like getting NAN after doing a FFT in Frequency sink with base sink class. I am yet to solve those issues and hence, things are getting slightly delayed.

#### Adding textbox and label widget:
I am also adding textbox and label widgets which will be completed by this weekend. Initially I was confused about the structure of Python class. The structure can be implemented with much simpler structure than I thought.

In addition to that, there were some issues reported on Github repo. :D <br>
Solved them!

#### Feedback required
To make these bokeh based GUI a _bug-less_ software, we would like to have feedbacks from the community. You can now test using GRC.

As of now, the working implementations of sinks are on [`develop`][develop_branch] branch.

To follow implementation and integration of base sink class, follow [`base_sink_impl`][base_sink_impl] branch.

For any comments/feedbacks/suggestions, you can drop an email to [`discuss-gnuradio`][discussion_forum].

-------------------------
### To-Do list for next week:
1. Integration of base sink template class to remaining 3 sinks
2. Work on `slider` and `range slider` widgets
3. Think a structure to implement the Layout. Suggestions are welcome.

[previous_post]: /GSoC2017/2017/06/16/TimeSink4.html
[develop_branch]: https://github.com/kartikp1995/gr-bokehgui/tree/develop/
[base_sink_impl]: https://github.com/kartikp1995/gr-bokehgui/tree/base_sink_impl/
[discussion_forum]: mailto:discuss-gnuradio@gnu.org
